OPSEXP-590 Cleanup and uninstallation playbook (#388)
Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment: docs/deployment-guide.md

> A typical use case is to have a dedicated Solr tracking node. The playbook will then prefer to use that dedicated node - if it finds one - for solr tracking and only use the other as backup server (no load balancing)

## Cleanup & Uninstallation of ACS 

What needs to be removed from a system will depend on your inventory configuration. The steps below presume a cleanup and uninstallation of Alfresco content service after deployment of ansible artifacts by using platform-cleanup.yml playbook and platform-uninstall.yml playbook respectively. 

# Cleanup

> This playbook will remove the temporary artifacts which are stored on the hosts.In order to cleanup the system post deployment run the following command:

Reviewer: Can you add a reminder about the fact running that playbook breaks playbook idempotency?

ansible-playbook playbooks/platform-cleanup.yml -i inventory_ssh.yml

# Uninstallation

> This playbook will uninstall the sevices belongs to the specific hosts. Below are the services, packages & folders we are removing as the uninstalltions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook will uninstall the sevices which belong to the specific hosts. Below are the services, packages & folders we are removing when uninstalling 
```
